Clarify ElementMap key must be case insensitive (#1240)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/SimpleLicensing/Properties/customIdToLicense.md

the official [SPDX License List](https://spdx.org/licenses/).

The key for the ElementMap is the string used in the license expression
and the elementValue is target Element, which must be a CustomLicense,
CustomLicenseAddition, or SimpleLicensingText.
The key should be matched to the license expression in a case insensitive manner 

> since the entire license expression string is case insensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The key for the ElementMap shall be matched against the license expression
in a case-insensitive manner.
This is required because the entire license expression string is itself
case-insensitive.
```

- Use "shall" (ISO requirement).
- Break the long sentence to two: one for requirement, another for rationale
- Add new line to put this requirement into another paragraph, separate it from the definition paragraph ("The key for the ElementMap is ...")
